README.md, before:

# slogctx - context based logging

## Usage

Initalise the logger by adding this in your `main.go`
```Go
slogctx.New(nil)
```

After this you can log with context with:

```Go
slogctx.Info(ctx, "log message",
    slog.String("var name", var),
    )
```

You can also use other methods, such as `slog.Int()`, `slog.Bool()`, `slog.Any()` and others. Avoid using `slog.Any()` when possible, as it uses reflect and that is an expensive operation.

_Note: If you don't have context available you can replace it with `nil`_

### Using context

To add new fields to context, do it with `slogctx.WithValue()`:

```Go
// ctx is already defined somewhere
slogctx.WithValue(ctx, "var name", var)
```

## Modifying log level and time format

If you want to change the log level from the default (debug) you can pass new HandlerOptions to slogctx.New():

```Go
slogctx.New(&slogctx.HandlerOptions{
			AddSource:   true,
			Level:       slog.LevelDebug,
			ReplaceAttr: slogctx.ReplaceAttr,
			TimeFormat:  time.DateTime,
		})
```

Or if you want a new handler altogether, you can use slogctx.NewWithHandler():

```Go
slogctx.NewWithHandler(slog.NewTextHandler(os.Stdout,
		&slog.HandlerOptions{
			AddSource:   opts.AddSource,
			Level:       opts.Level,
			ReplaceAttr: opts.ReplaceAttr,
		}))
```

_Note: You can't define time format with the default slog handler_

## Benefits

If you get context from, for example your service's REST endpoint being called, you can add values to context that might help with debugging. Then when you carry the context forwards, these values will be carried as well so identifying bugs and things will be easier.

Also our `otel` package adds a trace id to the context by default, so if you log context, you will much more easily find all the log entries from that call by filtering with that trace id.

Commit message:

Add auto-detection of GCP and AWS/AWS Lambda environments Fix some bugs Add tests

README.md, after:

# slogctx - context based logging

## Usage

Initalise the logger by adding this in your `main.go`
```Go
slogctx.New(nil)
```

After this you can log with context with:

```Go
slogctx.Info(ctx, "log message",
    slog.String("var name", var),
    )
```

You can also use other methods, such as `slog.Int()`, `slog.Bool()`, `slog.Any()` and others. Avoid using `slog.Any()` when possible, as it uses reflect and that is an expensive operation.

_Note: If you don't have context available you can replace it with `nil`_

### Using context

To add an entry to be in every log line afterwards, add it with `slogctx.WithValue()`:

```Go
// ctx is already defined somewhere
slogctx.WithValue(ctx, "ctx key", "ctx value")
```

This will cause `slogctx.Info("foo")` to print out `"msg"="foo" "ctx key"="ctx value"`

## Modifying log level and time format

If you want to change the log level from the default (debug) you can pass new HandlerOptions to slogctx.New():

```Go
slogctx.New(&slogctx.HandlerOptions{
			AddSource:   true,
			Level:       slog.LevelDebug,
			ReplaceAttr: slogctx.ReplaceAttr,
			TimeFormat:  time.DateTime,
		})
```

Or if you want a new handler altogether, you can use slogctx.NewWithHandler():

```Go
slogctx.NewWithHandler(slog.NewTextHandler(os.Stdout,
		&slog.HandlerOptions{
			AddSource:   opts.AddSource,
			Level:       opts.Level,
			ReplaceAttr: opts.ReplaceAttr,
		}))
```

_Note: You can't define time format with the default slog handler_

## AWS and GCP specific logging

To enable AWS and GCP specific logging (for field names and value formatting) use
slogctx.New(&slogctx.HandlerOptions{
			EnableAWS: true,
			EnableGCP: true,
		})
```

This will auto-detect if the code is running in AWS or GCP environment and format accordingly. If it isn't running in either environment it will fall back to default behaviour (with a short delay)
